README.md, before:

![Plugin Logo](./logo.png)

# Command Plugin for OpenAI ChatGPT

This repository contains a command plugin for OpenAI ChatGPT. The plugin allows ChatGPT to execute Linux commands on the host and output the results.


## Example Usage

![Example Usage](./screenshot.png)


## ChatGPT Plugin Developer

To run this, you'll need to be a plugin developer.
There's a waiting list for this: https://openai.com/waitlist/plugins


## ⚠️ Security Risks

Please be aware that this plugin can execute any command on the host system, potentially leading to data loss or other serious consequences if misused. It is recommended to use this plugin in a sandbox environment such as Docker and not to use it on a system containing sensitive data or that is accessible over the internet.

This repository is for developmental research only and is not intended for production use.

## Setup

To set up and run the command plugin, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository.** Use the following command to clone the repository to your local machine:

``` 
git clone https://github.com/JoeNicholson/chatgpt-plugin-cli-command.git
```

2. **Install Python.** The plugin is written in Python, so you'll need to have Python installed on your machine. You can download Python from the [official website](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

3. **Install the required Python packages.** The plugin requires the `quart` and `requests` Python packages. You can install these packages using pip, the Python package installer. Use this command to install the packages.

```
$ pip install quart requests
```

4. **Run the plugin.** You can run the plugin using the command `python3 main.py` or `python main.py`. This will start the plugin and it will begin listening for requests.

```
$ python3 main.py 
 * Serving Quart app 'main'
 * Environment: production
 * Please use an ASGI server (e.g. Hypercorn) directly in production
 * Debug mode: True
 * Running on http://0.0.0.0:5004 (CTRL + C to quit)
[2023-05-17 19:02:12 +0100] [95923] [INFO] Running on http://0.0.0.0:5004 (CTRL + C to quit)

```

5. **Configure ChatGPT to use the plugin.** To configure ChatGPT to use the plugin, follow these steps:

* Navigate to https://chat.openai.com.
* In the Model drop down, select "Plugins" (note, if you don't see it there, you don't have access yet).
* Select "Plugin store"
* Select "Develop your own plugin"
* Enter in `localhost:5003` since this is the URL the server is running on locally, then select "Find manifest file".

Remember, this plugin allows the execution of arbitrary commands on your system. Always ensure that the system running the plugin is secure and isolated from sensitive data or networks.

Commit message:

Add settings.json file handling, allow user to specify working directory, update README

README.md, after:

![Plugin Logo](./logo.png)

# Command Plugin for OpenAI ChatGPT

This repository contains a command plugin for OpenAI ChatGPT. The plugin allows ChatGPT to execute Linux commands on the host and output the results.


## Example Usage

![Example Usage](./screenshot.png)


## ChatGPT Plugin Developer

To run this, you'll need to be a plugin developer.
There's a waiting list for this: https://openai.com/waitlist/plugins


## ⚠️ Security Risks

Please be aware that this plugin can execute any command on the host system, potentially leading to data loss or other serious consequences if misused. It is recommended to use this plugin in a sandbox environment such as Docker and not to use it on a system containing sensitive data or that is accessible over the internet.

This repository is for developmental research only and is not intended for production use.

## Setup

To set up and run the command plugin, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository.** Use the following command to clone the repository to your local machine:

``` 
git clone https://github.com/JoeNicholson/chatgpt-plugin-cli-command.git
```

2. **Install Python.** The plugin is written in Python, so you'll need to have Python installed on your machine. You can download Python from the [official website](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

3. **Install the required Python packages.** The plugin requires the `quart` and `requests` Python packages. You can install these packages using pip, the Python package installer. Use this command to install the packages.

```
$ pip install quart requests
```

4. ## Configuration

Copy the example settings file:

```
$ cp settings.json.example settings.json
```

Open `settings.json` and modify the `working_directory` value to the directory you want to use as the working directory.

For example, if you want to use `/tmp` as the working directory, you would change the `working_directory` value to `/tmp`.

```
{        
    "_comment": "This is the working directory for commands",
    "working_directory": "/tmp"
}
```


4. **Run the plugin.** You can run the plugin using the command `python3 main.py` or `python main.py`. This will start the plugin and it will begin listening for requests.

```
$ python3 main.py 
 * Serving Quart app 'main'
 * Environment: production
 * Please use an ASGI server (e.g. Hypercorn) directly in production
 * Debug mode: True
 * Running on http://0.0.0.0:5004 (CTRL + C to quit)
[2023-05-17 19:02:12 +0100] [95923] [INFO] Running on http://0.0.0.0:5004 (CTRL + C to quit)

```

5. **Configure ChatGPT to use the plugin.** To configure ChatGPT to use the plugin, follow these steps:

* Navigate to https://chat.openai.com.
* In the Model drop down, select "Plugins" (note, if you don't see it there, you don't have access yet).
* Select "Plugin store"
* Select "Develop your own plugin"
* Enter in `localhost:5003` since this is the URL the server is running on locally, then select "Find manifest file".

Remember, this plugin allows the execution of arbitrary commands on your system. Always ensure that the system running the plugin is secure and isolated from sensitive data or networks.
